Dr. Belis Aladag: The morning more you Valentin
Valentin perez: Good, good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good. I'm Dr aldag. Nice to meet you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You all right, so I understand that you are looking to get help for your opioid addiction.
Correct.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Is this your first time with us and bright heart. Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Welcome
Valentin perez: Thank you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So yeah, so I'm an addiction doctor and I help people with opioid problems as well as
Dr. Belis Aladag: Other other substances.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And I
Dr. Belis Aladag: I have access to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like the there's a
Dr. Belis Aladag: Report that comes out time you get anyone's prescribed any controlled substances, so I can check that for patients and stuff. And for you. It looks like you were, were you on buprenorphine for a bit in April.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I was okay. So tell me about that experience was that the first time you were taking it or
Valentin perez: First time first time. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, so what happened with that. So you decided to get help and then you went after and
Valentin perez: Yeah, just for one reason or another, stick with it but around after
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so. So were you did you start like did you actually take it for a few days or weeks.
Valentin perez: didn't like it at first I start
Valentin perez: Relaxing
Valentin perez: Goodness.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK. OK, so it's important, and we'll talk, we can talk more towards the end about it, but it's important that you start
Dr. Belis Aladag: When you're in withdrawal so that
Dr. Belis Aladag: You feel you feel better.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: We want you to first like start feeling pretty bad not super bad but like pretty bad. And then you take your first dose and it should bring you up a bit. So you feel better not worse, right.
Valentin perez: Avoid Yeah, sounds good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so just just let you know. Okay, so, so let's get back to like your history with everything. Tell me, like, how old were you when you first started like drinking alcohol or did you smoke pot or any Tony yourself.
Valentin perez: Not, not much of a barley. Not too much, but hope you're down here. Remember how long ago that but
Valentin perez: The code analysis.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, did you do you remember like how old you were, were you starting with pills. Did you go to heroin, like what's going on.
Valentin perez: Yeah, started with pills.
Valentin perez: No. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Did you have
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you remember. Like, were you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Prescribed pills or was it just like record. People would give it or you get
Valentin perez: It. Yeah, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, through friends. Okay, that's how it started like pills for friends and stuff.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. And how old were you, you think, were you in your teenager years, or were you like older in your 20s.
Valentin perez: Yeah, I was older, my 20s.
Valentin perez: I was older. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. And then, and then how many years. Would you say you've been like taking opioids regularly like daily or almost
Valentin perez: 10 years
Valentin perez: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, in those 10 years in the past 10 years besides this recent attempt. Did you have attempts to stop and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: How did that go. Did you have any sober time like a couple months or weeks or anything.
Valentin perez: A couple of months over time, not long enough.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. And in those months were you taking any medication or you were just kind of on your own.
Valentin perez: Yeah, I guess you could say I was on my own.
Valentin perez: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm telling me about any were you in jail or any sort of incarceration, or something that you they forced you
Valentin perez: To
Valentin perez: Enter anything while rehab. I did rehab. I didn't realize
Valentin perez: I was so good for know
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you did rehab.
Valentin perez: What
Dr. Belis Aladag: Did you stay. Like was it a residential you stayed there for a bit.
Valentin perez: Residential i didn't i didn't follow through with it. I thought I was ready to go and
Valentin perez: Ask you to go home and I should have stayed
Dr. Belis Aladag: How long did you end up staying
Valentin perez: Two weeks.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Two weeks. Okay, and you were set to stay longer. But you left early you're like okay
Valentin perez: Yeah, I was ready to come back to the real world world ready
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see. So that was your rehab was that one time, or did you do it a couple
More
Valentin perez: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: One time okay and and then any like involvement in a Na, that kind of thing that, that helps.
Valentin perez: A little bit.
Valentin perez: A little shy when it comes to don't get too much.
Valentin perez: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. And so tell me a bit about your just your social situation, are you married. Are you with a partner or you
Valentin perez: Know, no partner.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are you living. Are you living with anybody.
Valentin perez: Yeah, I live with my parents.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Listen parents. Okay. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And it's you and then the to your mom and dad.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right. Anyone else no
Valentin perez: Oh, no, no, my little brother.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, how about family history of stuff like substances like alcohol or other substance you
Know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: parents or grandparents. No.
Valentin perez: Nobody. Yeah, okay. Just do
Valentin perez: Okay.
Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: All right. And then any in the past or current. Do you have any history of suicidal thoughts of harming yourself or anything. Are you at risk for this.
Low
Dr. Belis Aladag: And review of systems wise, like in terms of, like, just general health. Do you feel like you get chest pains or shortness of breath or stomach aches or
Dr. Belis Aladag: fever, chills, or anything like that, and a general
Valentin perez: Yeah, every now and no one ever thought
Dr. Belis Aladag: chills when you're in withdrawal. Yeah. Yeah, it feels like that. Yep. Okay. Otherwise, though no
Dr. Belis Aladag: No. Okay. Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you have allergies to men.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And are you on any medication. Like, do you have a doctor that gives you any any men.
Valentin perez: No. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Were you ever diagnosed with like psychiatric stuff like depression or anxiety or anything.
Well, never
Dr. Belis Aladag: Gotcha.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you're 32 now. So you think like this problem has been going on since you were like 22 or so.
Valentin perez: Yeah, why do
Dr. Belis Aladag: You feel like it's time you got it. You got to stop it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You mentioned LIKE IT STARTED WITH THE PILLS, AND STUFF, BUT DID YOU WERE YOU snorting the pills were eating them like
How are you taking the pills.
Valentin perez: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: eating them. And then how did you move on to anything else have you been using any heroin.
Valentin perez: Yeah, I tried
Dr. Belis Aladag: You've tried it, but it's not you stick to the pills.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And how much of what are you using in the past. Like, I guess week or two. What is your average. What do you take
Valentin perez: Whatever I can get my hands on.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like again, and like, how much do you think you take
A lie.
Valentin perez: Let's build a bear. Yeah.
Valentin perez: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And are they the five or the 10s. Do you
Know,
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so you're taking quite a bit of opioid
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, let's see. Have you had an overdose.
Situation.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Thank God. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: How about cigarettes do so.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Valentin perez: Very little. And you guys help with that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, absolutely. Um, we can give you. How much are you smoking like five, six a day or more
Valentin perez: Or pack a day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'll pack a day. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So yeah, we can definitely give you like I can give you
Dr. Belis Aladag: A patches.
Valentin perez: Oh, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Where the patch, like one patch every day you take off the old one. You put a new one on someplace else, every day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then in addition, if you still feel like, okay, I get the nicotine, but I still feel like smoking. You can put like a lozenge like a candy in your mouth. I can give you the nicotine candies, if you want.
Valentin perez: The garden, that'd be great.
Yeah.
Valentin perez: Let
Valentin perez: Me will be fine.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Prefer the GM using
Dr. Belis Aladag: Otter jack kennedy let's do the candy. I feel like people like the candy more
Let's go.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so we'll do nicotine patch and nicotine candy to help you kind of get rid of that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Because that's really bad for you, you know, all the cancer risk and
Valentin perez: I do want to do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Let's it's expensive, right.
Valentin perez: Yeah, that's
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so we'll work on that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: In terms of school or job or anything. What was the most recent thing you were doing. Have you been doing anything. What's going on with that.
Valentin perez: Yeah.
Valentin perez: That's my job. Not too long ago. So we'll get another job.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, there's a lot going on in the world right now so
Dr. Belis Aladag: What were you doing
Valentin perez: I was working for a company delivery now granite.
Valentin perez: countertops drivers.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Delivering all that delivering the granite.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Gotcha. Okay, um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: What else do I want to ask
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think I got
Dr. Belis Aladag: Most of your background here oh surgeries. Have you had any surgeries. No.
Valentin perez: Little yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: What did you have
Valentin perez: When I was younger. Yeah, I had my appendix.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Appendix. Okay, so you had an appendectomy
Dr. Belis Aladag: Were you How old are you do remember
Valentin perez: I was nine.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Nine. Okay, you were, you were a kid.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, gotcha. Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so that's your surgical history.
Dr. Belis Aladag: All right. Um, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so here's the deal. So in terms of our program.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We do we do once a week visits.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And these visits are like a combination. It's a, it's a doctor visit with me to talk about your medication.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And adjusting. And if we need to. So I'll be like, Okay, you know, Valentin. Let's start with this dose, you know, whatever. We'll talk about it. And then, and then I'll see you again and then ask if you're
Dr. Belis Aladag: Comfortable with that and we'll adjust if we need to. Right, so it'll be a doctor's visit so it's once a week. Practice also with me. There are therapists who will help run like a group. So this is, it's, it's kind of a
Dr. Belis Aladag: Combination group therapy plus
Valentin perez: Docker. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, there's other people. So you mentioned you're kind of like, I don't know.
But
Valentin perez: Yeah, me.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Just try it and I
Think
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, as a doctor for me it's a newer concept to to have doctors visits together there other other patients all together. It's kind of interesting.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But so far, it's been pretty, pretty good. Like people are respectful, you know, we have a conversation, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then, and then it's after we talk in the therapist takes over. It's actually a good conversation. It's an hour long. And if we have time, we talk about relevant stuff and people support each other. It's a good
Valentin perez: All right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So I think that'll be good for you so, so I think
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, let's see. What can I do for you, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: This Friday.
Dr. Belis Aladag: This Friday. It's an unusual. It's normally I haven't Fridays at 4pm
Dr. Belis Aladag: But this Friday, I'm going to have it at 12:30pm
Dr. Belis Aladag: You can make that
Valentin perez: Yeah yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so this Friday, only it's at 1230 but after that it's going to be every Friday at 4pm okay
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm gonna write down for Friday.
Valentin perez: Valentin which is the eighth right
Dr. Belis Aladag: So it's going to be the eighth. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And I want you to check your
Dr. Belis Aladag: Check your email because I'm going to email you a confirmation, like in a reminder. Sometimes they send reminders, like, hey, don't forget your
Valentin perez: Appointment oh yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: All right, so we'll do that. So we'll meet on Friday. So, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So in terms of medication. So when was the last time you took any pills. Was it this morning or
Valentin perez: Or yeah yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: To start, like I said, we need you need to be in withdrawal. So you need to stop taking whatever else you have right so throw everything get rid of every supply
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then like
Dr. Belis Aladag: buckle down to like, okay, I'm going to start my med you'll go to the pharmacy, pick up the medication and and don't take it until
Dr. Belis Aladag: You think you'll go into withdrawal. Like if you didn't use any more today. Do you think you'll start feeling bad tonight. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: By tonight or tomorrow morning.
Valentin perez: Yeah, maybe tomorrow morning.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, if you can last until tomorrow morning. It's better to wait because you want to feel better when you take it. You don't want to feel worse.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Too soon you'll feel worse, which is okay. I mean, it's not. It doesn't feel good at all. But it goes away after like an hour to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Getting better but it's I would rather you have a positive experience. So I want you to like not do anything, just kind of lay low today get, you know, keep yourself busy. If you can
Dr. Belis Aladag: And tomorrow morning. If you need to have at least two physical symptoms. So either your, your eyes are teary your noses running, you know, loose bombs or chills. You know those physical things
Dr. Belis Aladag: Diarrhea or like loose stools. If you start getting one or two of those symptoms or your you look at your eyes and your pupils are really big dilated
Dr. Belis Aladag: Those things will count. So they have to have those signs and then you're like, Okay, I feel pretty like I'm in moderate
Dr. Belis Aladag: To severe. You don't have to be in severe withdrawal but moderate withdrawal. Then you take it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and where you take it. It's important that you put it under your tongue.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So drink some water before. So, your mouth is moist.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then you put it under your tongue, you let it melt. That's how it gets into your bloodstream.
And then
Dr. Belis Aladag: It should kick in pretty quick. You know, like within a few minutes. Hopefully you'll start like five minutes or something, you start feeling like, Okay, I think I'm a little bit better, a little less Ruth Raleigh and then
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think that we can we can start with half a tab and then see how you feel. And then if you want take the other half a tablet after maybe half hour if you're still feeling like you have withdrawal.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then at night before, you know, maybe around dinner time. You can take another full tablet, if you want.
Valentin perez: And
Dr. Belis Aladag: The next day, maybe start in the morning with one full tablet and then later towards the evening, maybe after between lunch and dinner. You can take your second tablet.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So morning time when you wake up and then
Dr. Belis Aladag: In the afternoon. You don't have to wait till nighttime to take your second dose. You can take it kind of in the afternoon. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, so let's kind of I'm planning on that might be a good dose for you like one in the morning and one later in the day. So that's eight and eight so 16 milligrams. I think that'll be a good dose, but we'll see how you feel. Do you have
Dr. Belis Aladag: Cravings the ideal dose is one where you feel normal. You feel like okay I feel normal neutral, but you don't think about
Dr. Belis Aladag: Using and you're not craving all the time, not always, like, okay, okay, I need
Dr. Belis Aladag: Something you know
Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So hopefully, you'll see that the obsession will stop once you get to the right dose.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so I'll ask you about cravings. When I see you on Friday. Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: What else, what else. Oh, I'm also going to prescribe you've never had an overdose, but it's still something we want to give you is Narcan
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's a nasal spray. If you were to like you can give it to your parents or keep it in the house. If you pass out and no one can wake you up, they could spray it in your nose and bring you back.
Dr. Belis Aladag: On one
Valentin perez: Because it's temporary. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so that's the norm can spray. You can ask the pharmacy, how much it's going to be and
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, it's up to you to get it or not. You don't have to purchase it. If it's expensive, and you don't think you're going to need it, but something that's good to have. It's also something you can use on someone else.
Valentin perez: God forbid.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You see someone passed.
Dr. Belis Aladag: A law.
Valentin perez: That's true.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, and, and the thing is, it doesn't
Dr. Belis Aladag: hurt people. If it's not opioid overdose. Let's say they just passed out because of something else and you use it, it's okay. It won't hurt them.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so we'll do the nicotine patches and the candy. And with that, you just put it on like I said you avoid smoking, you know, you stop the cigarettes and instead, you take the candy as needed throughout the day you could do five attendees or six candies. If you need, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: So we'll do that. We'll do the non can spray and we'll do the the buprenorphine naloxone tablets. Now there's tablets that are combination. So don't get confused. You'll see it says buprenorphine the lock zone. So it has two things in the pill.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's actually just the buprenorphine that's active so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Don't get confused. Don't, don't worry about them, the locks on peace. That's not active. If you take it under your tongue.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you're not injecting it it's not going to be active. The drug company puts that in there in case people want to, you know, abuse it, and injected
Dr. Belis Aladag: If you were to inject the the tablet, you know, melted and stuff, then you'd get the reversal agent. The antagonists effect. But if you take it like you should under your tongue. It's not active so you can ignore it. So don't get confused. Like, why is she giving me this combo pill. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, it's the same thing as the regular buprenorphine. It's buprenorphine sometimes it depends on the insurance company to which they
Valentin perez: sound good. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, do you have any questions for me.
Valentin perez: Know what, where do I pick up the prescription, how to do it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So let me see here I have for you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I have something called malky pharmacy on crows landing
Dr. Belis Aladag: Mall. He pharmacy.
Valentin perez: I think
Valentin perez: Can I give you the name of it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, let's
Dr. Belis Aladag: Let's give me
Dr. Belis Aladag: Can you give me the zip code. First one is
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are you ready. Yep.
Valentin perez: 95358
Dr. Belis Aladag: familia farm masia
Valentin perez: For that ship. Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay crows landing
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay favorite. Okay, so that's the 117 57 crows landing
Valentin perez: That's it. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I mean, if I'm honest. Yeah, so they will be the ones receiving the prescription
Dr. Belis Aladag: For these things that we discuss so you'll just go there after we hang up. You can go there. Um, one other thing I forgot to mention is part of the group. So you're going to do weekly groups with me on Thursday. I'm sorry on Fridays. But there's also individual therapy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So that one. The first visit is definitely required and then after that you and the therapist decide how frequently, you're going to meet
Dr. Belis Aladag: But that first visit needs to take place. So I would recommend after we hang up call back call that virtual clinic, you call the zoom number and tell them, Hey, I saw the doctor but she says I also need to schedule a individual therapy appointment.
Valentin perez: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then they can schedule that for you to take care of that that need. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then finally there's going to be monthly urine tests.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It'll come in the mail, you don't open the envelope until you call virtual clinic and then you show them, Hey, I got an envelope you want me to do it. And then they they tell you go and go to the bathroom and come back and show us the thing. So they'll
Dr. Belis Aladag: Roll the testing that way, once a month and then
Dr. Belis Aladag: Blood tests. So there's a blood. Blood and urine testing that needs to take place in a quest lab. Okay, so that you know you should try to figure out if they're open who's
That
Dr. Belis Aladag: Might take a couple of
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's okay if that takes a little bit but I mean that eventually needs to be done to okay
Valentin perez: Okay. Sounds good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so be on the lookout for your email from me and then I'll see you at 1230 on Friday, unless something changes if it's back to 4pm he won't be but I'll let you know through email as well. Okay.
Valentin perez: All right. Thank you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Sorry. Oh, I keep saying 1230 I meant 12
Valentin perez: It's at 1212 okay
Dr. Belis Aladag: So please login at like 1130 because it takes like a bit login
Dr. Belis Aladag: You have to wait and then once you log in, they say, Okay, you have to do a survey about your addiction. It takes a bit. So come in at 1130 so we can see you at 12
Valentin perez: Sounds good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay Valentin if you have no more questions. I'm going to order this stuff for you and we get you started. Okay. And so I'm thinking tomorrow morning is when you'll probably be ready.
Valentin perez: Okay. Yeah, I think so. Alrighty.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So Valentino
Dr. Belis Aladag: Cures report showed that he received buprenorphine eight milligram tablets by a Dr. Eric Thomas
Dr. Belis Aladag: On for six
Dr. Belis Aladag: And there was no other activity.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, thank you.